Added content for Pick a Framework (#1107)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/111-pick-a-framework/readme.md

> # Pick a Framework
> 
> Web frameworks are designed to write web applications.Frameworks are collections of libraries that aid in the development of a software product or website. Frameworks for web application development are collections of various tools.Frameworks vary in their capabilities and functions, depending on the tasks set.They define the structure, establish the rules, and provide the development tools required.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a5VKUc0AUc'>What is a Framework and Why use Frameworks</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pick a Framework

Web frameworks are designed to write web applications. Frameworks are collections of libraries that aid in the development of a software product or website. Frameworks for web application development are collections of various tools. Frameworks vary in their capabilities and functions, depending on the tasks set. They define the structure, establish the rules, and provide the development tools required.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_MO9vIRBcA'>What is the difference between a framework and a library?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuHDQhDhvPE'> Which JS Framework is best?</BadgeLink>
```
